So we're adding actions, turns to this turns array,
we want to output this on our page
now because having it in the code alone doesn't do that much.
So in the index.html page, I'll go to this logs area where I have list item and now the way to output
data which is an array or which is a list is of course to use the v-for directive vuejs offers us.
With that directive, we can loop through all items in an array for example by running turn in turns,
here
turns of course refers to my turns data field or property here in this data object
and turn is a name of my choice, so I can name this whatever I like.
Now that I loop through that, I can output it here with string interpolation by saying turn and then
accessing text which I know will be available since we pass some text here
for example, when we create a new entry in the log. With this, let's save it and reload
and if I now start a game and attack, we see that this works.
It could use some improved styling and also for other attacks, it only works regarding the monster
damage because we're not logging the user damage yet but we can see that outputting it in a list here clearly
works. Though if we restart we see that we get this empty box here even though the log is empty,
so it would be nice in the index.html code to only show this section if we actually do have entries in
the log. To do that,
I'll add the v-if directive here to only conditionally attached this html section and all its children
to the dom and the condition I want to check is if turns.length,
so if this array has a length greater than zero. If not then it is empty, then I don't want to attach
this section because I don't want to show the log
then. With this, let's save and reload, you see the box is gone
but as soon as I attack, it's back and we're seeing the log.
Well next let's finish it by hooking up the other buttons and improving the styling here a little bit.